PRIVACY POLICY

General
This Privacy Policy may be supplemented or modified by consents you provide to T9 Dial. To learn more about how we and third parties may process personal information for interest based advertising, and to opt out of such uses, please read below.

What Information is Collected
T9 Dial wants to make your experiences with us satisfying and safe. Our data collection policies allow you to choose how much personal information to provide to us, and to control how we use that information. Our goal is to provide you with a satisfying experience while allowing you to control your privacy. T9 Dial collects and uses information primarily to make it easier and more rewarding for you to use our services.
The amount of Personal Information that you choose to disclose to T9 Dial is completely up to you. The only way we know something about you personally is if you send us feedback via e-mail. In other words, we will know Personal Information about you only if you choose to share this type of information with us.

Third Party Advertising Partners
We work with a variety of advertisers, advertising networks, advertising servers, and analytics companies. These advertisers, advertising networks, advertising servers, and analytics companies use various technologies, and technologies from third party companies, to collect data in order to send (or serve) relevant ads to you and other users. These technologies may include the placement of cookies or web beacons, the use of unique or non-unique non-personal identifiers, or the use of other technologies on our Services, and these technologies may be used to track user behavior, to track how our Services are being used, and possibly to serve you more relevant ads. These targeted advertisements may appear on our Services or other services that you visit. This Privacy Policy does not cover the use of various technologies by advertisers, advertising networks, advertising servers, and analytics companies. These companies may also obtain information from services you use from other companies, including without limitation, other websites, mobile websites, mobile downloadable applications, and downloadable desktop applications, and combine that information with information they obtain through these third party technologies on our Services. You should be aware that we do not have control over these third party technologies or the information contained in them.

Updates
T9 Dial may amend this Privacy Policy at any time. Please check back often for any changes. By continuing to use the Services, you accept all updates to this Privacy Policy. This version was updated on July 18, 2018.

